How To:

Dependencies: Spark 2.1+, Scala 2.11.x, Java 1.8,

* Run the application:
    Unzip the tarball, run the following command inside the tarball directory:

    Example:
        spark-submit --master local[*] --name "DataDog 1.0.0" --class DataDog.DataDog bin/Datadog-1.0.jar -StartDate 2019-05-01:23 -EndDate 2019-05-02:01

    The folders of downloaded data, blacklist, and results by default are in the current directory. Of course you can specify them by yourself.
    Just to make sure the paths for data, result, and blacklist are exist.

    Example:
        spark-submit --master local[*] --name "DataDog 1.0.0" --class DataDog.DataDog bin/Datadog-1.0.jar -StartDate 2019-05-01:23 -EndDate 2019-05-02:01
         -Data /data -Result /result -Blacklist /blacklist_domains_and_pages



Additional Q&A:
1. What additional things would you want to operate this application in a production setting?
A: There will be several improvements
    (1). Add logger (ex: log4j) for the log management.
    (2). Automation scheduler to manager the job.
    (3). Add unit test and non-regression test.
    (4). Change configuration fetching from the command line to parsing the configuration file.

2. What might change about your solution if this application needed to run automatically for each hour of the day?
A: I would add one scheduler to the application in order to coordinate the starting of the job for every hour.
    Oozie can be a good choice for the production environment. It could let us start a bundle of jobs by time and file availability.

3. How would you test this application?
A:
    (1). Unit-Test: test every specific functionality part with a test dataset.
    Like the data analyze part, make sure the result of data analyzer is correct with test dataset
    (2). Non-Regression Test: test the whole workflow to make sure that the application works fine.
    For example, the test would start the application with a test dataset. The test would include the entire workflow:
    read configuration from the command line, check files availability, download files if needed, analyze data and output the result, check the correctness of the result.

4. How you’d improve on this application design?
A:  (1). The input configuration currently is fetched through the command line. For the improvement, I would use configuration file.
    The idea is only passing the path of configuration file through the command line. As the result, the application would get
    all the configuration items by parsing the configuration file. The user should always specify their customized data path instead of
    using the default one.
    (2). I will replace the download part by shell script, instead of coding inside application. So that the application can only
    focus on the data analyze. And the download script can be will scheduled with the application by Oozie. The workflow can be:
    Time => Download the file by script => Check the file's availability => Start the job
